SRVKE-747: Split knative kafka docs into different personas (#40560)
openshift/openshift-docs: serverless/admin_guide/serverless-kafka-admin.adoc

include::modules/serverless-document-attributes.adoc[]
[id="serverless-kafka-admin"]
= Knative Kafka
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: serverless-kafka-admin

toc::[]

> In addition to the Knative Eventing components that are provided as part of a core {ServerlessProductName} installation, the `KnativeKafka` custom resource (CR) can be installed by cluster administrators.

Reviewer: Optional rephrasing to avoid passive voice
```suggestion
In addition to the Knative Eventing components that are provided as part of a core {ServerlessProductName} installation, cluster administrators can install the `KnativeKafka` custom resource (CR).
```

Author: For sure, thanks!
